---
title:  "The Unfinished Story"
categories: "Romanctic"
image: feat-img.jpg
---


As the night was serene so was my heart and soul. Clouds playing with moon along with cool breeze had an aesthetic effect on me. Soon I opened the cupboard, a diary fell. 2010 it stated. Soon the whole year played like a reel and then I thought that now it’s time to turn back and enjoy few moments. As soon as I opened, I found a few scribbled notes. No they were not related to the course. It had those turmoil’s of a 20yr old guy who thrived to make a name in the world. I smiled. I turned towards my right and saw mirror. ”Lost”, words escaped form my mouth.




Turning the page I found a tissue. “Aah…I so wish her cologne lasted as her memories do”, I spoke.
‘May 10, 2010…’
Hi Baby, I know you missed me like every night I do. Just chat through the endless nights and how patiently you listen to my grieves, adventures, fantasies…
So here I go. But today the scene is different, hopefully you would listen yaar.




<i>Dear Diary</i>,
Today I came on a family trip to London. All excited to go. We boarded the flight Air India at 10 p.m. As my ticket was booked on last moment, I got a seat away from my parents. As an obedient person I sat on my seat. As I was busy struggling with seat belt, I smell a sweet cologne, “Goddess”.




“May I help you sir”, came another hostess to solve my mystery. Breaking from that cologne that wafted in my senses, I could just signal her the seat belt as words failed to come out. My eyes were set straight to the direction. There she was.
I couldn’t steal any of the glances and I just looked every inch and believe me this was different. She gave instructions to the passenger and I just looked at her. The world around me disappeared and it was just her smile that lingered around me. Soon she got distracted and noticed me smiling at her and Bang!! My heartbeat dropped. Her glittering eyes filled with kohl could let anyone peep in her soul.
Such pure, soothing and serene. Soon her instructions got over and she went past me. My gaze moved along with her and soon she disappeared. Lost in moment, I blushed. But as soon as I could come to my senses. Again my heartbeat dropped as she came and stood beside me. I again drifted to another world when she offered me a glass of water. Hiding my blush and a drumroll of heartbeat, I gulped it down in a go.
“Easy”, she said.
Her voice was melancholy. I smiled weakly at first but gained confidence later. As she was about to take the glass, I tried to read the name but missed.
‘V’.




As it was a night flight. Soon dinner was served. I searched for her but couldn’t find her. May be she was in another section. I ate my dinner silently, plugged in my headphones and soon drifted to sleep.
Late in night, I felt something. Soon I opened my eyes and found her. She stood with a blanket. I smiled at her. She did the same and made me feel comfortable with the blanket. In an attempt to make her task a bit easier, our hands got touched. It sent jitters across my body. When I drifted off to sleep, I myself don’t know. Morning came and the flight landed. As per Indian tradition, people rushed towards the door.




A long queue waited but it didn’t matter. My eyes searched for her. Soon I saw her talking to her co-worker, her one finger in my direction. The queue moved forward so did my curiosity to talk to her. As soon as I went near her, I tried to shake hands but as my parents were there, I could do nothing but smile. Finding my way to my glares to hide my disappointment, I found a tissue with a cologne. It was hers.
I smiled and moved to enjoy my trip to London.




……………




Turning the page, I found the tissue. I wished that cologne and that meeting would have lasted long. It has been 6 years since that incident took place, but my search for her still continues as it was in the flight. My eyes still search for those gleaming eyes.
And it continues………
With this I closed my diary and looked at the sky.



